Add ONNX importer C++ API usage examples (#4388)
NervanaSystems/ngraph: doc/examples/onnx_importer.md

> # ONNX importer usage examples

Reviewer: ONNX importer usage examples --> ONNX Importer API Usage Examples

Author: done

This sample demonstrates how to use ONNX importer API.
The API allows to create nGraph Function from ONNX importer model.

All functions forming ONNX importer API are in [onnx.hpp][onnx_header] header file.
The available functions can be divided into two categories from user's point of view.
The first group contains helpers' functions used to check which ONNX op are supported in current version of ONNX importer.
The second group contains function used to read ONNX models from stream or file. Their result is nGraph function which can be calculated on Inference Engine.

## How to check which ONNX ops are supported

In order to list all supported ONNX ops in a specific version and domain `get_supported_operators` function should be used.
The code listing below shows how to do it.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for this example.  To provide a consistent experience, we don't currently support markdown as documentation for ngraph; can you convert this file to two files:  

(A) One `.rst` file with the "how to" instruction on the API access 
(B) One `.cpp` file that contains just the code you're documenting below?

Should look something like this::
```
.. code-block:: cpp

   const std::int64_t version = 12;
   const std::string domain = "ai.onnx";
   const std::set<std::string> supported_ops = ngraph::onnx_import::get_supported_operators(version, domain);
       for(const auto& op : supported_ops)
       {
              std::cout << op << std::endl;
       }
```

const std::int64_t version = 12;
const std::string domain = "ai.onnx";
const std::set<std::string> supported_ops = ngraph::onnx_import::get_supported_operators(version, domain);

for(const auto& op : supported_ops)
{
    std::cout << op << std::endl;
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: After you document this code as it's supposed to be run, you can continue the .rst file to explain that the "output" a user can expect from running the file should look like the list of Ops below. 

Might say something like 

> The above code compiles to produce a list of all the supported operators for the ``version`` and ``domain`` you select.

Author: `The above code compiles to produce a list of all the supported operators for the version and domain you select. The output should look similar to what is below` version used

Fragment of output:
```
Abs
Acos
...
Xor
```

> In order to check if ONNX op in specific version and domain is supported by current version of ONNX importer `is_operator_supported` function should be used.

Reviewer 2: To determine whether an ONNX op in a specific version and domain is supported by the importer

Author: `To determine whether an ONNX op in a specific version and domain is supported by the importer, use the function` version used

The code listing below shows how to do it.
```
const std::string op_name = "Abs";
const std::int64_t version = 12;
const std::string domain = "ai.onnx";
const bool is_abs_op_supported = ngraph::onnx_import::is_operator_supported(op_name, version, domain);

std::cout << "Is Abs in version 12, domain `ai.onnx`supported: " << (is_abs_op_supported ? "true" : "false") << std::endl;
```

## How to import ONNX model

> In order to import ONNX model `import_onnx_model` should be used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to import ONNX model `import_onnx_model` function should be used.
```

> The method has two overloading.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The method has two overloads.
```

The first uses stream as input (e.g. file stream, memory stream).
The code listing below shows how to convert `ResNet50` ONNX model to nGraph function.

> **NOTE** `ResNet50` ONNX model can be downloaded from many sources. Such source can be for example [ONNX model zoo][onnx_model_zoo].
```
$ wget https://s3.amazonaws.com/download.onnx/models/opset_8/resnet50.tar.gz
$ tar -xzvf resnet50.tar.gz
```

```
 const std::string resnet50_path = "resnet50/model.onnx";
 std::ifstream resnet50_stream(resnet50_path);
 if(resnet50_stream.is_open())
 {
     try
     {
         const std::shared_ptr<ngraph::Function> ng_function = ngraph::onnx_import::import_onnx_model(resnet50_stream);

         // Let's check for example shape of first output
         std::cout << ng_function->get_output_shape(0) << std::endl;
         // The output is Shape{1, 1000}
     }
     catch (const ngraph::ngraph_error& error)
     {
         std::cout << "Error during import ONNX model: " << error.what() << std::endl;
     }
 }
 resnet50_stream.close();
```

> The second overloading of `import_onnx_model` uses file path as argument.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The second overload of `import_onnx_model` uses file path as argument.
```

Using this version, the code can be simplified to:
```
const std::shared_ptr<ngraph::Function> ng_function = ngraph::onnx_import::import_onnx_model(resnet50_path);
```

If `ng_function` is created, it can be used for running computation on Inference Engine.

> As it was shown in [Build a Model with nGraph Library][build_ngraph] `std::shared_ptr<ngraph::Function>` can be wrapped into a `CNNNetwork`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As it was shown in [Build a Model with nGraph Library][build_ngraph] `std::shared_ptr<ngraph::Function>` can be transformed to a `CNNNetwork`.
```
